{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green107\blue114;\red23\green23\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c40392\c41961\c44706;\csgenericrgb\c9020\c9020\c10196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3398\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
1. Created by: Johan Puerta Santos\
	on: May 12, 2024\
\
2. This program prompts the user for their desired amount of tickets in a loop. Each time, the remaining amount\
	decreases. The maximum amount a user can take at a time is four, with a max total ticket count of twenty.\
	The loop repeats until every ticket is sold. The program ends after printing the total amount of buyers.
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3398\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 3. This program has three variables: buyerCount, tixTotal, and tixSale.\
\
4. The only function in the program is main.\
\
5. Logical steps:\
\
	1. In main, the first two variables are initialized (buyerCount and tixTotal). These count the amount of buyers\
		and the amount of total tickets.\
	2. A while loop is created. It ends when the amount of tickets remaining is not greater than zero.\
	3. The user is asked for the amount of tickets they\'92d like to buy.\
	4. Using that input, we put it through three checks. Is it greater than four or less than or equal to 0?\
		If so, prompt again and do not count it. Is it greater than the total amount of tickets left? If so,\
		inform the user and prompt again. If checks are cleared, add to buyer count and subtract from \
		the total amount of tickets.\
	5. After the loop ends, print the total amount of buyers.\
\
6. Link to repository: https://github.com/johanpu/COP2373
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \
}